Dad?
You invest in me
What else do you want to experience, haha?
Although you are my neighbor's son-in-law
But we still need business
After all, in your current situation
Except for me receiving the award
This golden bottle minister is willing to invest in you, and it doesn't seem to be available.
i
Sister, the investment agreed before this.
How did it become a mortgage?
This is what Dad meant
I don't know.
Uncle Lin, what do you mean?
Why are you not convinced?
If it weren't for you bitch
Payson could have been the owner of the debt
How did it get to this point?
You even implicated him in my spiritual sutra. Go
Dad plum
You shut up
Qin Zhuomei
I know exactly what happened at the auspicious ceremony
I know everything about your house
Yes
And I'll put it there.
If this bitch
Kneel down and apologize to my girl Qingyun
This head is dead
Don't even think about it.